README.md, before:

# FL Assorted Cats

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/lensvol/fl-assorted-cats)](https://github.com/lensvol/fl-assorted-cats/blob/master/LICENSE)

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lensvol/fl-assorted-cats/master/screenshot.png)

Simple browser extension for [Fallen London](https://www.fallenlondon.com/) that makes it easy to proudly display your feline companions on the "Possessions" tab.

_NB: This extension is **not** yet whitelisted by Failbetter Games. Use at your own risk!_ 

## Installation

### Chrome

1. Download **.ZIP** file from the "Releases" page.
2. Unzip that file somewhere on your computer. 
3. Open _Chrome_.
4. Go to **chrome://extensions** and 
5. Check the box for "Developer Mode" (top right corner).
6. Click **Load unpacked extension** and select the folder where you unzipped the file.

### Mozilla Firefox

1. Download **.ZIP** file from the "Releases" page.
2. Unzip that file somewhere on your computer. 
3. Open **about:debugging** page.
4. Click **Load Temporary Add-On**
5. Select any file in the folder where you unzipped the archive.

## TODO

* Publish in Chrome Web Store / Mozilla Add-on Store
* Configurable section title
* Support for more cats
* Safari extension
* Horatio displayed more prominently
* "Whitelist" by FBG fiat
* Mobile versions (Firefox for Android / iOS Safari)

## Special thanks

* [rahv7](https://www.reddit.com/user/rahv7/) - for adding missing felines to the list!

Commit message:

Add instructions on using it with Opera to README.

README.md, after:

# FL Assorted Cats

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/lensvol/fl-assorted-cats)](https://github.com/lensvol/fl-assorted-cats/blob/master/LICENSE)

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lensvol/fl-assorted-cats/master/screenshot.png)

Simple browser extension for [Fallen London](https://www.fallenlondon.com/) that makes it easy to proudly display your feline companions on the "Possessions" tab.

_NB: This extension is **not** yet whitelisted by Failbetter Games. Use at your own risk!_ 

## Installation

### Chrome

1. Download **.ZIP** file from the "Releases" page.
2. Unzip that file somewhere on your computer. 
3. Open _Chrome_.
4. Go to **chrome://extensions** and 
5. Check the box for "Developer Mode" (top right corner).
6. Click **Load unpacked extension** and select the folder where you unzipped the file.

### Mozilla Firefox

1. Download **.ZIP** file from the "Releases" page.
2. Unzip that file somewhere on your computer. 
3. Open **about:debugging** page.
4. Click **Load Temporary Add-On**
5. Select any file in the folder where you unzipped the archive.

### Opera

1. Download **.ZIP** file from the "Releases" page.
2. Unzip that file somewhere on your computer.
3. Open **opera:extensions** page.
4. Enable "Developer Mode" (top right corner).
6. Click **Load unpacked** and select the folder where you unzipped the file.


## TODO

* Publish in Chrome Web Store / Mozilla Add-on Store
* Configurable section title
* Support for more cats
* Safari extension
* Horatio displayed more prominently
* "Whitelist" by FBG fiat
* Mobile versions (Firefox for Android / iOS Safari)

## Special thanks

* [rahv7](https://www.reddit.com/user/rahv7/) - for adding missing felines to the list!
